Clarify requirement around GitHub (#58)
SFML/cmake-sfml-project: README.md

Modify CMake options by adding them as configuration parameters (with a `-D` flag) or by modifying the contents of CMakeCache.txt and rebuilding.

### Not use GitHub

> You aren't required to use a GitHub account or repository.
> It is the simplest approach if you already have an account and want to make use of GitHub Actions.
> You can also [download the contents](https://github.com/SFML/cmake-sfml-project/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) of this template repository and unpack it locally.
> This doesn't require a GitHub account and you don't even need to use a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this project without a GitHub account by [downloading the contents](https://github.com/SFML/cmake-sfml-project/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) of the repository as a ZIP archive and unpacking it locally.
This approach also avoids using Git entirely if you would prefer to not do that.
```

I think we can phrase this more succinctly.
